adding a README to the shell script (#11)
gdcc/dataverse-recipes: shell/README.md

Reviewer: Overall, this README looks great but can we move it and the script itself into a directory?

Please take a look at #10 for how @DonRichards and I talking about how best to organize the "shell" area.

And while we're moving scripts around and creating directories, I'll ask you the same question I asked Don. Do you have a preference for dashes-in-the-names or do you prefer_underscores? Should we try to keep some consistency in this area?

Reviewer: Overall, this README looks great but can we move it and the script itself into a directory?

Please take a look at #10 for how @DonRichards and I talking about how best to organize the "shell" area.

And while we're moving scripts around and creating directories, I'll ask you the same question I asked Don. Do you have a preference for dashes-in-the-names or do you prefer_underscores? Should we try to keep some consistency in this area?

Reviewer: @DonRichards didn't have a strong opinion but @JR-1991 did. 😄 

We decide to go with underscores:

- #12

# Upload files using S3 direct upload

A BASH utility function used to ease the direct upload of files to Amazon S3 and the registration to a Dataverse dataset.

## Usage

> There is a bash shell script under this directory named **`upload_files_to_dataverse.sh`** which can be executed in a terminal (either in a local or a remote enviornment) to initiate the transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a bash shell script under this directory named **`upload_files_to_dataverse.sh`** which can be executed in a terminal (either in a local or a remote environment) to initiate the transfer.
```

The code can be run in this way:

```
bash upload_files_to_dataverse.sh
```

## Modifying File Type

By default, the script looks for .nc files when uploading to Dataverse. If you need to upload a different file type, update the following line in the script:

```bash
for FILE_PATH in "$SOURCE_FOLDER"/*.nc; do
```

| File Type | Modification Example |
|-----------|----------------------|
| **CSV**   | `for FILE_PATH in "$SOURCE_FOLDER"/*.csv; do` |
| **TXT**   | `for FILE_PATH in "$SOURCE_FOLDER"/*.txt; do` |
| **JSON**  | `for FILE_PATH in "$SOURCE_FOLDER"/*.json; do` |
| **All Files** | `for FILE_PATH in "$SOURCE_FOLDER"/*; do` |

## Configuration Variables

Before running the script, update the following variables to match your environment.

| Variable         | Description |
|-----------------|-------------|

> | **`API_TOKEN`** | Your API token, obtainable from your Harvard Dataverse profile page. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`API_TOKEN`** | Your API token, obtainable from your Dataverse account page. |
```

Reviewer: @ahsouri thanks! I fixed those little typos, merged this PR, and created a new PR to give your script its own directory:

- #13 

Please take a look. Thanks!
